hey guys welcome today I'm going to show
you how to paint
basically the carbon fiber effect make
something look like carbon fiber using
spray cans so we've got here a panel
when you're taking this side the one
that's already prepped in black this was
from my brushed aluminum finish video
the other side there so if you're
interested in that feel free to have a
look at it what you're going to need for
this if you don't have a black surface
you need black paint okay so get your
surface in that color to begin with
you'll need silver and a lot of people
like to use white to create kind of a
shimmer to it after this stuff's pretty
metallic I'm not going to bother with
the way that my mother looks prettier
without it but this is just a simple
like if you were doing this with an
airbrush you could use the white a lot
more effectively this is just a simple
version of the carbon fiber effect so
that you can do it with just a couple of
colors and spray cans so what you want
to do that I mention the shelf liner you
need the shelf liner this is tool box
shelf liner see how it looks it's it's
also shelf liner for kitchens and stuff
it's designed to keep things from
slipping around so it's just a rubbery
substance with some holes in it so what
you do is lay that across your surface
you can use masking tape if you want to
kind of tack it down
you can also use masks let's go to the
bottom here you can also use masking
tape to mark where it was so if you want
to tuck it down like that and make a
little mark on each piece if you are
using another color after for example
white like I said if you make that mark
and then when you're finished you can
cut move it down just slightly and use
that mark to gauge how far you move your
self liner and then you can spray your
your white in to get a three color
carbon fiber effect anyway what do you
want to be here pretty simple you just
lay this stuff on fairly light I like to
do it at a 45 degree angle and not not
really go for a thick even coat on this
you're trying to do it without getting
paint all over the other side of my
family yeah just kind of that angle
it's a little tough to see what you're
doing here so be aware of that do using
stronger silver this stuff is kind of
semi-transparent so that makes it even
more challenging you're using stronger
pigmented silver it'll be a little
easier for you see like you'll get a
different effect out of that
so you can see I'm not putting this on
dry heaven moving the can very quickly
that's about all I'm looking for you
kind of want to settle carbon-fibre
effect you see a lot of people doing a
carbon-fibre effect and then having to
go back over and over reduce black or
missed it on there or something to kind
of tow them back the effect once they're
finished I don't want to have to do that
I'm lazy and I don't think it's that I
don't think it provides as good a look
when I'll set in done so in order to
avoid that I just put it on there nice
and light now I pull this off
toss it out of the way I guess
and what we're left with here
is our carbon-fiber effect which I've
said probably a million times in this
video already there you go that is
exactly what we're going for that's how
you meet carbon-fiber spray fans I don't
like saying that because it kind of
makes me feel like I'm telling people to
take a piece of carbon fiber and paint
it but you know what that's how you make
something look like carbon fiber with
spray cans you can also do this in
Reverse you can start with a silver
surface and spray the block on but I
really don't recommend it I don't find
that it works nearly as good so start
with your black surface and then put
your silver on and if you can find a
subtle silver then you don't have to
worry so much about having to tone it
back up so thanks for watching I hope
this was helpful for anybody who is
looking to make this stuff look like
carbon fiber my only word of caution to
those of you who might get a little
overzealous is please don't go you know
two or four cans of spray paint and go
try and make your hood of your car look
like carbon fiber it's thick
you're not going to like the result on
that bigger surfaces are harder to deal
with and this can't be as durable as
automotive paint so don't do that or if
you do don't blame me
so thanks for watching and see you guys
next time